The GalápaGo! team teamed up with the Galapagos Chamber of Tourism to develop a tourist-friendly application that encourages visitors to explore local businesses, respect sustainability efforts, and learn social customs.

Organization : Galapagos Chamber of Tourism

Page - https://www.scu.edu/engineering/labs--research/labs/frugal-innovation-hub/global-digital-transformation-clinic/

Things to ask Allan during the user interview : -
Functional (App related) : 
What are the functional requirements? i.e. what they are trying to achieve and solve exactly.
Justify any changes to features or functionality in the project.
Is there an existing repo or prototype to base our project on ?
What exactly do we incorporate AI (LLMs) for like reviews, questions, summary etc ?
How many users and updates with time ?

Project related :
What are the objectives of the Chamber of Tourism, like to make people visit in the first place, promote local businesses, and sustainability ?
Encourage tourists to stay - get them to know that there is more stuff to do.
What all stakeholders are involved - government, local businesses, tourists (users) etc ?
What do the different stakeholders want ?

Suggestions: 
AI Integration: 
How to integrate information that is out there online to inform a chatbot which can supply recommendations based on location.
Something more creative? For example, creating a story based on a trip using location data.

Need to promote/show off the product. How do you make an application where people can see what activities are there in an environment with very limited bandwidth?
How to keep the application as lightweight as possible while remaining visually appealing and usable?
Functional Requirements:
Partner with the Chamber of Tourism - use provided database of approved businesses/services, updated periodically by developers
Concurrent users - Mostly dependent on AI integration (1000-2000 per day on lower-tier plan)
Tech Stack:
React Native (Existing codebase)
Professor recommended Firebase

Improve UX/UI
Who visits - scientists, expensive location - money and time (seniors)
Cruises are convenient because they handle most arrangements for you already.
Senior accommodations?
The intended audience will inform other design requirements

Maybe look to promote visiting the Galapagos to another demographic/population?
Disadvantages: The Galapagos are far away, and particularly expensive to visit
The price of staying in the islands themselves is low, but getting there is not
Will your target audience actually want to visit?
Potential: University students/young professionals, younger people who are more interested in nature/conservation
Notes from meeting with Allan : 
Government of Ecuador has legal control/jurisdiction over the Galapagos Islands
Primary driver of local economy is Tourism - Local Businesses (Chamber of Tourism)
Larger businesses took interest (Cruise lines, airlines, etc.). Most money remains with the cruise lines instead of local businesses.
The local Minister wanted to promote local tourism by promoting services such as hotels, restaurants, shops, tours, etc. As well as local sustainability initiatives.
The project was never launched due to changes in the political climate, as the original Minister left office.
Unique Ecosystem (Extremely Fragile)
